README.md, before:

# OOP-Team Profile Generator
![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow)![JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Javascript-JS-yellow)
  ## Description
  This project is used to create a profile of your work team that consists of a manager and however many engineers/interns that you choose and then based on the user input, a template will be displayed that shows the profiles of each team member.

  ## Installation
  npm install node

  ## Usage
  The project is used by typing node index.js into the terminal in which the user will be prompted to answer a few questions. Once the questions are answered, the information entered will be input into a card template that will then display based on the role of the user.

  ## Screenshots 

  Below is a screenshot that shows that using Node index.js brings up question prompts for the team manager and that the information is then displayed.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88305762/140416377-0a5ae3ca-738c-47f7-b823-ddbe87dd1889.png)

  The below image shows that the option to choose an employee role after the manager questions have been fulfilled.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88305762/140416504-bf987c42-9a2c-4426-819d-930b445939c8.png)

  Below shows the user using Jest to test that all information is being pulled properly from their classes.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88305762/140416063-dd87a238-027b-46ca-8495-93857f81990a.png)
  
  Below is an example of the actual team profile after all questions have been answered with proper information. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88305762/140416812-cedfd5ef-afe4-41f6-975e-c7c3e141d3a9.png)

  ## Contributions
  Giovanny Cardoso

  ## License
  MIT License <br />
  Link to License's Website: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
    
  ## Badges
  ![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow)

  ## Questions
  For any questions, email me at: giovannycardoso50@gmail.com.
  Or find me at Github https://github.com/NeXFP.

Commit message:

Finished README and added video for testing purposes

README.md, after:

# OOP-Team Profile Generator
![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow)![JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Javascript-JS-yellow)
  ## Description
  This project is used to create a profile of your work team that consists of a manager and however many engineers/interns that you choose and then based on the user input, a template will be displayed that shows the profiles of each team member.

  ## Installation
  npm install node

  ## Usage
  The project is used by typing node index.js into the terminal in which the user will be prompted to answer a few questions. Once the questions are answered, the information entered will be input into a card template that will then display based on the role of the user.

  ## Screenshots 

  Below is a screenshot that shows that using Node index.js brings up question prompts for the team manager and that the information is then displayed.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88305762/140416377-0a5ae3ca-738c-47f7-b823-ddbe87dd1889.png)

  The below image shows that the option to choose an employee role after the manager questions have been fulfilled.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88305762/140416504-bf987c42-9a2c-4426-819d-930b445939c8.png)

  Below shows the user using Jest to test that all information is being pulled properly from their classes.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88305762/140416063-dd87a238-027b-46ca-8495-93857f81990a.png)
  
  Below is an example of the actual team profile after all questions have been answered with proper information. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/88305762/140416812-cedfd5ef-afe4-41f6-975e-c7c3e141d3a9.png)

  ## Links
  Below is a video showing how the project works and the results.
  ![Testing Video](https://streamable.com/kphaum)

  Below is the repo that the project was worked on.
  1)https://github.com/NeXFP/OOP-Team-Profile-Generator
  
  Below is the deployed link page to the project.
  2)https://nexfp.github.io/OOP-Team-Profile-Generator/

  ## Contributions
  Giovanny Cardoso

  ## License
  MIT License <br />
  Link to License's Website: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
    
  ## Questions
  For any questions, email me at: giovannycardoso50@gmail.com.
  Or find me at Github https://github.com/NeXFP.
